Native reference guide updates (#26094)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/native-reference.adoc

readelf -SW ./target/debugging-native-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-runner
----

[NOTE]
====
Runtime containers produced by Quarkus to run native executables will not include the tools mentioned above.
To explore a native executable within a runtime container,

> it's best to run the container itself and then `docker cp` the executable locally.

Reviewer: It might be good to include an example, e.g.

```suggestion
it's best to run the container itself and then `docker cp` the executable locally, e.g.:

----
docker run -i --rm --name=mytest -p 8080:8080 test/debugging-native:1.0.0-SNAPSHOT
docker cp mytest:/work/application path/on/host/
----
```

I am not sure you can nest a code block in a note though!

Author: Just tried it, yes you can.

perf record -F 1009 -g -a ./target/debugging-native-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-runner
----

[INFO]
====
The `perf record` command above takes `1009` samples per second.
Increasing this value means more samples are gathered,
which can end up affecting the runtime performance.
This also increases the amount of data generated.
The more data generated, the longer it takes to process it,
but the more precision you get on what the application is doing.
So, finding the right value is a balancing act.

> This number should generally be a prime number,

Reviewer: It would be great if we could add a reference to back this up if possible.

the analysis can’t easily see what’s behind those types or methods,
so it has to do more work to complete the analysis step.

=== I get an `OutOfMemoryError` (OOME) building native executables, what can I do?

> Building native executables is not only time consuming, but it also takes a fair amout of memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building native executables is not only time consuming, but it also takes a fair amount of memory.
```

For example, building a sample native Quarkus JPA application such as the Hibernate quickstart,

> will easily use 6GB to 8GB resident set size in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may use 6GB to 8GB resident set size in memory.
```
